[Music]
and like you just saw unusually brush my
teeth but I won't wash my face because
I'm just gonna sweat today we're doing
body combat which is like
arts
it's really fun I really enjoy
[Music]
[Applause]
you
Oh
[Music]
I think you can tell I had a good
workout I think something good that's
come out of this kovat pandemic is that
families have gotten a lot of chances to
things together and so this is one thing
that I've gotten to do with my mom and
working out with somebody else has
really helped me like find the
motivation to get up and do it because
if someone isn't counting on me then I
I'm more likely to just like brush it
off so yeah I definitely would recommend
getting someone to do it with you so
that's something good that I feel like
has come out of this and yeah I'm
grateful for that so I'm gonna go ahead
and take a shower and then we'll go eat
some breakfast
okay guys so I took a shower I'm all
clean and now I'm gonna do my makeup and
I feel like you've seen me do my makeup
plenty so I'm gonna come back my makeup
will be on and I'll be downstairs
getting some breakfast
[Music]
okay so I have Mosiah 7:25 okay okay you
guys so once I'm done with seminary I
just took a quick nap for like a half an
hour right here on the ground without
any blankets can't do it was the most
comfortable I've ever felt but I got the
job dust so now I'm just gonna go check
on what I have to do upstairs in my room
cuz I have my list that they gave us and
then yeah we'll see what we have to do
next so one thing I have noticed well in
quarantine is that I seriously have lost
track of days and like distinction
between them just because practically
every day is the same this week I was
helping my dad it was like four till
three and my voice lessons are at three
and I texted my voice teacher and I was
like I'm so sorry I'm gonna have to miss
voice lessons cuz I'm probably my dad
she texted back later like um I have a
scheduled for Monday it was literally
Saturday and I texted her like oh my
gosh I'm so sorry like she's probably
like radio like dude like you have a
problem like oh yeah anyway it was just
funny because I'm like geez like I don't
know what it is about being home and
doing the same thing practically every
day but it seriously is just crazy how
time and days are so messed up in my
head right now
let's go ahead and look through what we
have to do here so my teacher makes a
like calendar because one teacher
teaches three different classes
keep like all of the assignments we have
for her three different classes straight
it's really helpful that she makes out
for us so it looks like just for today
we have the zoom call feel of like class
today I'm going to be doing my math quiz
I'm going to be doing the two economics
videos take notes on those and then I
need to read the Machiavelli The Prince
and take notes on that the chapter that
I was assigned to so I'm gonna go ahead
and jump in to the videos which it's not
super difficult this is a good part
about doing school at home is how
comfortable it is I've not wear a
uniform for over a month and that feels
amazing let me tell you okay so I just
finished watching those two videos on
the coronavirus and the impact that is
having on our economy which is really
scary
I took my notes on here while I watched
those videos for comp econ and
literature classes we've been using
Google classrooms let me know how your
school has been having you turn in stuff
and if they've been having you do a lot
of homework
it looks like my teacher hasn't put them
up on here yet so I'm just gonna leave
that on my desktop until she puts at it
okay one thing I have for you guys is if
you have not watched thug notes or
overly sarcastic productions like their
summaries they're so good and they're so
funny and so helpful so those are just
some resources that I definitely use and
are definitely helpful if you need to
understand something better alright I'm
going to get on to my math I think I'm
gonna do that now I have about an hour
and a half until my so I got almost all
of my math quiz done I just have two
more problems that I need to do and now
that I'm almost done with that I lose
all the time and I have ten minutes till
my next zoom call so I'm gonna go
downstairs get something to eat and then
get on to the zoom called with my leg
class
okay usually by this time I would have
done my hair already because I let it
air-dry but I haven't because I've been
doing school I'm sorry if it's a little
crazy but I just want to tell you what
I'm doing mix now I'm in the massage
chair and I am going to write part of my
senior thesis my senior project I've
done a lot of research on it but I need
to like put all that together and really
get words on the page so I'm just gonna
sit here and like word throw up or you
literally just like write anything that
comes to your mind and then go through
it and fix everything and figure out
what you were like totally rambling on
about and what is actually good
information that can be used I'm gonna
send this chair and enjoy my time while
I write this paper that I've been
avoiding I mean it's technically not a
paper it's technically a script because
I'm presenting my senior thesis in video
form which is really cool but I still
need to like actually write the words
that I'm going to be saying and actually
figure out what I'm gonna be saying so
that's what we're doing right now now
let's get to it and have a good writing
session I look like I'm like a space
chair right now after working on my
senior thesis the next thing that I have
going on is voice lessons and I didn't
get any clips of the actual voice lesson
but I do have some clips of me
practicing one of my songs
[Music]
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video this day in the life of a
quarantined teenager and day in the life
of my senior year in this corona
pandemic so if you enjoyed it make sure
to give it a thumbs up and if you're new
here definitely subscribe I'm so excited
for the videos that are coming up and
the plans that I have for some videos
and you're definitely gonna want to be
subscribed and turn the notifications on
so that you're notified when I upload
also if you want to follow me on
Instagram I also post lots of updates on
there I'm really excited for college and
so there will be some college videos
coming up soon if you stay at this point
in the video then go ahead and comment
the stack of books emoji so that I know
that you stay to this point in the video
and if you did you are amazing I love
you guys so much and I will see you in
next week's video bye guys
I'm sitting with you now that I believe
to come wish we 1-8 five space